imprint.md, before:

---
title: Imprint
---

# Imprint

### This Site is operated by

<address>
<p>openHAB Foundation e.V.<br />Kollwitzweg 10<br />64372 Ober-Ramstadt</p>
</address>
<p><i class="fa fa-phone"></i> +49 (6154) 603-9765</p>
<p><i class="fa fa-envelope-o"></i> <a href="mailto:info@openhabfoundation.org">info@openhabfoundation.org</a></p>

Information provided according to Sec. 5 German Telemedia Act (TMG)

### Executive Board

<p>Kai Kreuzer, President<br />Dan Cunningham, Vice President<br />Hans-Jörg Merk, Chief Financial Officer</p>
<p>Register of Associations: Darmstadt 83855</p>

### Responsible for Journalistic-Editorial Contents

<p>Kai Kreuzer<br />
Kollwitzweg 10<br />
64372 Ober-Ramstadt</p>

Information provided according to Sec. 55, para. 2 German Federal Broadcasting Agreement (RstV)

### Privacy Statement

openHAB Foundation respects your desire for privacy. Please see our [Privacy Policy](/privacy.html) 
regarding the use of our website and the mobile reference applications.

### Trademarks

openHAB is a registered trademark of Kai Kreuzer in the EU, the US and other countries.

Rules for the re-use of the openHAB logo can be found [here](https://www.openhab.org/about/logos.html).

### Liability for Contents

As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites according to
Sec. 7, paragraph 1 German Telemedia Act (TMG). However, according to Sec. 8 to 10
German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers are not obligated to permanently monitor
submitted or stored information or to search for evidences that indicate illegal activities.

Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of information remain
unchallenged. In this case, liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a
specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be removed immediately at the time we
get knowledge of them.

### Liability for Links

Our offer includes links to external third party websites. We have no influence on the
contents of those websites, therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers
or administrators of linked websites are always responsible for their own contents.

The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the
establishment of the link. Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the
linking. 

A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked websites cannot be imposed
without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law. Illegal links
will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.

Commit message:

Add animations, icons, improve apparence
Signed-off-by: Yannick Schaus <github@schaus.net>

imprint.md, after:

---
title: Imprint
---

# Imprint

### This Site is operated by

<address>
<p>openHAB Foundation e.V.<br />Kollwitzweg 10<br />64372 Ober-Ramstadt</p>
</address>
<p><i class="fa fa-phone"></i> +49 (6154) 603-9765</p>
<p><i class="fa fa-envelope-o"></i> <a href="mailto:info@openhabfoundation.org">info@openhabfoundation.org</a></p>

Information provided according to Sec. 5 German Telemedia Act (TMG)

### Executive Board

<p>Kai Kreuzer, President<br />Dan Cunningham, Vice President<br />Hans-Jörg Merk, Chief Financial Officer</p>
<p>Register of Associations: Darmstadt 83855</p>

### Responsible for Journalistic-Editorial Contents

<p>Kai Kreuzer<br />
Kollwitzweg 10<br />
64372 Ober-Ramstadt</p>

Information provided according to Sec. 55, para. 2 German Federal Broadcasting Agreement (RstV)

### Privacy Statement

openHAB Foundation respects your desire for privacy. Please see our [Privacy Policy](/privacy.html) 
regarding the use of our website and the mobile reference applications.

### Trademarks

openHAB is a registered trademark of Kai Kreuzer in the EU, the US and other countries.

Rules for the re-use of the openHAB logo can be found [here](https://www.openhab.org/about/logos.html).

### Icon Attribution

Certain icons on this site's home page are made by these authors from [FlatIcon](https://www.flaticon.com):

[DinosoftLabs](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/dinosoftlabs),
[Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik),
[Icon Pond](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/popcorns-arts),
[Nhor Phai](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/nhor-phai),
[Pixel Perfect](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/pixel-perfect),
[Smashicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons),


### Liability for Contents

As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites according to
Sec. 7, paragraph 1 German Telemedia Act (TMG). However, according to Sec. 8 to 10
German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers are not obligated to permanently monitor
submitted or stored information or to search for evidences that indicate illegal activities.

Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of information remain
unchallenged. In this case, liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a
specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be removed immediately at the time we
get knowledge of them.

### Liability for Links

Our offer includes links to external third party websites. We have no influence on the
contents of those websites, therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers
or administrators of linked websites are always responsible for their own contents.

The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the
establishment of the link. Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the
linking. 

A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked websites cannot be imposed
without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law. Illegal links
will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.
