privacy.md, before:

---
title: Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy

## An overview of data protection

### General

The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when
you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be 
personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be
found in our privacy policy found below.

### Data collection on our website

#### Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?

The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The
operator's contact details can be found in the website's required
[legal notice](/imprint.html).

#### How do we collect your data?

Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you
enter on a contact form.

Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website.
These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you
are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon
as you enter our website.

#### What do we use your data for?

Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other
data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.

#### What rights do you have regarding your data?

You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its
recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to
request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using
the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of
privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the
competent regulatory authorities.

#### Analytics and third-party tools

When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior.
This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing
behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data.
You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed
information can be found in the following privacy policy.

You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your
options in this regard.

## General information and mandatory information

### Data protection

The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data
protection regulations and this privacy policy.

If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal
information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy
policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains
how and for what purpose this happens.

Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be
subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access
is not possible.

### Notice concerning the party responsible for this website

The party responsible for processing data on this website is:

<p>openHAB Foundation e.V.<br />Kollwitzweg 10<br />64372 Ober-Ramstadt</p>
<p><i class="fa fa-phone"></i> +49 (6154) 603-9765</p>
<p><i class="fa fa-envelope-o"></i> <a href="mailto:info@openhabfoundation.org">info@openhabfoundation.org</a></p>

The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others
decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses,
etc.).

### Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data

Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may
revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this
request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be
legally processed.

### Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities

If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file
a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority
for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the
German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers
and their contact details can be found at the following link: <https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html>.

### SSL or TLS encryption

This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the
transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site
operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when
it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's
address bar.

If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by
third parties.

### Information, blocking, deletion

As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free
of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the
recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to
have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the
address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal
data.

## Data collection on our website

### Cookies

Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain
any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.

Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically
deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete
them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the
site.

You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can
decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your
browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to
always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.

Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain
functions you wish to use are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of GDPR.
The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an
optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those
used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately
in this privacy policy.

### Server log files

The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser
automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:

- Browser type and browser version
- Operating system used
- Referrer URL
- Host name of the accessing computer
- Time of the server request
- IP address

These data will not be combined with data from other sources. The basis for data
processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a
contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.

## Analytics and advertising

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc.,
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your
computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google
server in the USA and stored there.

Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has
a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.

### IP anonymization

We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened
by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic
Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address
sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf
of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website
activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the
website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not
be merged with any other data held by Google.

### Browser plugin

You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser.
However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full
functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use
of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these
data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

#### Objecting to the collection of data

You can also prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following
link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to
this site: <a href="javascript:gaOptout();">Disable Google Analytics</a>.

For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy:
<https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en>.

### Outsourced data processing

We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully
implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google
Analytics.

## Plugins and tools

### Google Web Fonts

For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a
page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts
correctly.

For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus
becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is
done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a
justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer. Further
information about handling user data, can be found at <https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq> and
in Google's privacy policy at <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>.

### Google Maps

This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally
transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no
influence on this data transfer.

The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the
location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant
to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of
Google at <https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/>.

## openHAB Apps

openHAB provides apps for the following platforms:

- Android
- Apple iOS
- Microsoft Windows
- Pebble

You can use these apps to remotely control your openHAB server. For this purpose, the apps can use the openHAB Cloud Service (myopenHAB). myopenHAB is a service provided by the openHAB Foundation e.V..

To connect to myopenHAB a user ID (mail address) and password are required. While the connection is active, the current IP address of the device is stored on the cloud server.

Further information about handling user data on myopenHAB, can be found in the data protection declaration at <https://www.myopenhab.org/privacy.html>.

### Android App

The Android app does not need any special rights on your Android phone or tablet.

In case of errors, Firebase Crashlytics is used to provide the developers with information about the problem. This information helps to solve problems and improve the app and our services.
Firebase Crashlytics is a service provided by Google Inc. In case of malfunction or failure, the following information is transmitted to Firebase Crashlytics:

- Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
- Crash traces
- Breakpad minidump formatted data

Further information about handling user data can be found at <https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy>.

The app uses Firebase Cloud Messaging to send messages from your openHAB Server and the cloud service to your Android device. Firebase Cloud Messaging is a service provided by Google Inc. Further information this service can be found at <https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/>.

If your openHAB sitemap contains a map view the Android app connects to [Google Maps](#google-maps).

### Apple iOS App

The iOS app does not need any special rights on your iOS device.

In case of errors, Firebase Crashlytics is used to provide the developers with information about the problem. This information helps to solve problems and improve the app and our services.
Firebase Crashlytics is a service provided by Google Inc. In case of malfunction or failure, the following information is transmitted to Firebase Crashlytics:

- Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
- Crash traces
- Breakpad minidump formatted data

Further information about handling user data can be found at <https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy>. The transfer of information about crashes and malfunctions to the Firebase Crashlytics service is disabled by default and can be changed in the Application settings.

The app uses the Apple push notification service (APNS) to send messages from your openHAB Server and the cloud service to your iOS device. APNS is a service provided by Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California, USA, 95014. You can find more information about APNS at <https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Conceptual/RemoteNotificationsPG/APNSOverview.html>.

### Microsoft Windows App

The Microsoft Windows app does not need any special rights and does not send any additional data to the myopenHAB cloud service or other services.

### Pebble App

The Pebble App does not send any additional data to the myopenHAB cloud service.

Commit message:

Privacy policy: Mention location permission
The current privacy policy isn't compliant with Google Play.

https://github.com/openhab/openhab-android/issues/3592

privacy.md, after:

---
title: Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy

## An overview of data protection

### General

The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when
you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be 
personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be
found in our privacy policy found below.

### Data collection on our website

#### Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?

The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The
operator's contact details can be found in the website's required
[legal notice](/imprint.html).

#### How do we collect your data?

Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you
enter on a contact form.

Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website.
These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you
are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon
as you enter our website.

#### What do we use your data for?

Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other
data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.

#### What rights do you have regarding your data?

You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its
recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to
request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using
the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of
privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the
competent regulatory authorities.

#### Analytics and third-party tools

When visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior.
This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing
behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data.
You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed
information can be found in the following privacy policy.

You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your
options in this regard.

## General information and mandatory information

### Data protection

The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously.
We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data
protection regulations and this privacy policy.

If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal
information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy
policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains
how and for what purpose this happens.

Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be
subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access
is not possible.

### Notice concerning the party responsible for this website

The party responsible for processing data on this website is:

<p>openHAB Foundation e.V.<br />Kollwitzweg 10<br />64372 Ober-Ramstadt</p>
<p><i class="fa fa-phone"></i> +49 (6154) 603-9765</p>
<p><i class="fa fa-envelope-o"></i> <a href="mailto:info@openhabfoundation.org">info@openhabfoundation.org</a></p>

The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others
decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses,
etc.).

### Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data

Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may
revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this
request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be
legally processed.

### Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities

If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file
a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority
for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the
German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers
and their contact details can be found at the following link: <https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html>.

### SSL or TLS encryption

This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the
transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site
operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when
it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's
address bar.

If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by
third parties.

### Information, blocking, deletion

As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free
of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the
recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to
have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the
address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal
data.

## Data collection on our website

### Cookies

Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain
any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.

Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically
deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete
them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the
site.

You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can
decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your
browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to
always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.

Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain
functions you wish to use are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of GDPR.
The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an
optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those
used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately
in this privacy policy.

### Server log files

The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser
automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:

- Browser type and browser version
- Operating system used
- Referrer URL
- Host name of the accessing computer
- Time of the server request
- IP address

These data will not be combined with data from other sources. The basis for data
processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a
contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.

## Analytics and advertising

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc.,
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your
computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google
server in the USA and stored there.

Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has
a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.

### IP anonymization

We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened
by Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic
Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address
sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf
of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website
activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and Internet usage for the
website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not
be merged with any other data held by Google.

### Browser plugin

You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser.
However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full
functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use
of the website (incl. your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these
data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

#### Objecting to the collection of data

You can also prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following
link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to
this site: <a href="javascript:gaOptout();">Disable Google Analytics</a>.

For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's privacy policy:
<https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en>.

### Outsourced data processing

We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully
implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google
Analytics.

## Plugins and tools

### Google Web Fonts

For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a
page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts
correctly.

For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus
becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is
done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a
justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer. Further
information about handling user data, can be found at <https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq> and
in Google's privacy policy at <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>.

### Google Maps

This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.

To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally
transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no
influence on this data transfer.

The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the
location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant
to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of
Google at <https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/>.

## openHAB Apps

openHAB provides apps for the following platforms:

- Android
- Apple iOS
- Microsoft Windows
- Pebble

You can use these apps to remotely control your openHAB server. For this purpose, the apps can use the openHAB Cloud Service (myopenHAB). myopenHAB is a service provided by the openHAB Foundation e.V..

To connect to myopenHAB a user ID (mail address) and password are required. While the connection is active, the current IP address of the device is stored on the cloud server.

Further information about handling user data on myopenHAB, can be found in the data protection declaration at <https://www.myopenhab.org/privacy.html>.

### Android App

[The Android app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.openhab.habdroid) does not need any special rights on your Android phone or tablet.

For the following features it is required to read the current Wi-Fi SSID. On Android the location permission is required to do so.
- Send the Wi-Fi SSID to your openHAB server. This is also done when the app is in background and therefore the app requires the location in background permission.
- When having multiple servers the server can be auto-selected based on the current Wi-Fi.

In case of errors, Firebase Crashlytics is used to provide the developers with information about the problem. This information helps to solve problems and improve the app and our services.
Firebase Crashlytics is a service provided by Google Inc. In case of malfunction or failure, the following information is transmitted to Firebase Crashlytics:

- Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
- Crash traces
- Breakpad minidump formatted data

Further information about handling user data can be found at <https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy>.

The app uses Firebase Cloud Messaging to send messages from your openHAB Server and the cloud service to your Android device. Firebase Cloud Messaging is a service provided by Google Inc. Further information this service can be found at <https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/>.

If your openHAB sitemap contains a map view the Android app connects to [Google Maps](#google-maps).

### Apple iOS App

The iOS app does not need any special rights on your iOS device.

In case of errors, Firebase Crashlytics is used to provide the developers with information about the problem. This information helps to solve problems and improve the app and our services.
Firebase Crashlytics is a service provided by Google Inc. In case of malfunction or failure, the following information is transmitted to Firebase Crashlytics:

- Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
- Crash traces
- Breakpad minidump formatted data

Further information about handling user data can be found at <https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy>. The transfer of information about crashes and malfunctions to the Firebase Crashlytics service is disabled by default and can be changed in the Application settings.

The app uses the Apple push notification service (APNS) to send messages from your openHAB Server and the cloud service to your iOS device. APNS is a service provided by Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California, USA, 95014. You can find more information about APNS at <https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Conceptual/RemoteNotificationsPG/APNSOverview.html>.

### Microsoft Windows App

The Microsoft Windows app does not need any special rights and does not send any additional data to the myopenHAB cloud service or other services.

### Pebble App

The Pebble App does not send any additional data to the myopenHAB cloud service.
