---
layout: memberpage
category: cmember
logo : hft.png

name: 'Hochschule für Technik Stuttgart'
address1: 'Schellingstraße 24'
city: '70174 Stuttgart'
country: 'Germany'
phone: '+49 711 8926 2632'
email: dieter.uckelmann@hft-stuttgart.de
web: www.hft-stuttgart.de
twitter: 
github: 

---
HFT Stuttgart has been founded in 1832 to serve as a winter school for construction workers.
Today, HFT Stuttgart is a renown University of Applied Sciences offering a wide range of courses in architecture and design, civil engineering, building physics, business economics, surveying, computer science and mathematics.

<!--more-->

The course of studies in Information Logistics, which is unique in Germany, focusses on innovative technologies, processes and data management related e.g. to the Internet of Things, 
Industry 4.0 and Smart Buildings.
As part of the FH-Impuls project i_city, which is funded by the Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF), an explorative project on Smart Public Buildings has been started in October 2017.
It focusses on utilizing and adjusting Smart Home technologies for public buildings.
Private smart homes benefit from the dynamic development of new sensors, actuators, interfaces and applications, while their use in public buildings remains far behind expectations.
The project Smart Public Building copes with topics such as complex multi-building installations, heterogeneity of solutions, top-down planning and the specific challenges of large public institutions, such as availability, interoperability, maintainability and administration. 
The work will be based on openHAB to maximize cooperation and co-creation within the openHAB Foundation.
