---
layout: MemberPage
category: cmember
logo : pine64.png

title: 'PINE64 Inc.'
address1: '4727 Paseo Padre Parkway'
city: 'Fremont, CA 94555'
country: 'USA'
email: sales@pine64.org
web: http://www.pine64.org/
twitter: thepine64

---
We set out to create a 64-bit single board computer (SBC) – smart, powerful, green, and affordable. By creating the world’s first affordable 64-bit single board computer, we’ve made your dreams to build the next invention possible. 

<!-- more -->

The PINE64 can be loaded with the latest Android software built in, or you can upload the latest version of Linux or Windows IoT. Out of the box, with Android or Remix OS installed, you immediately get access to over 1.6 million apps on the Google Play market, downloadable in a few clicks.

Build your own power saving server cluster, personal computer, 3D Printer control board, retro video game console, media server, media player, robotics project, connected home gateway, and more… Run apps immediately out of the box such as Plex Server, Minecraft, office productive software, or add a camera and run Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and more.

PINE64 is simple, affordable, and expandable. Make it yours – share your creations by uploading photos and tag #mypine64. We’re working on additional add-ons in the IoT industry and enabling other devices to work with PINE64.

Besides being powerful, PINE64 is very green and energy saving. The energy consumed by one LED bulb can run two PINE64 built computer servers. Just imagine the potential of using PINE64 to build a computer server farm that runs on solar power during the day and batteries at night.